Hi guys.
Over the next several laps we're going to be using some resources split geographically to test the different
types of routing policies that we have in round 53.
So what I want to do in this lab is just set up that infrastructure.
So first off I want to launch two instances into my local region which is Sydney
and what I want to do is I'm going to put both of these in my custom BPC one of them is going to go
public to a I'm going to use an I am role and we're going to play some code in the user data.
Now this is slightly different to the user data we were using in the previous section but what it does
still rely on having this index stop 60 file on S3.
So hopefully you've uploaded that and the difference with this one is we create a variable which is
populated using the instance metadata and it's basically going to pull the availability zone that the
server is in and then it's going to write it into that index not hasty email file.
So I'm just going to copy this code and put this into advance details.
And so just make sure that you have your IAM role specified and let's move on and we can go to security
groups Web Access Review and launch and launch and then I'm just going to do the same thing except this
time I'm going to put the second instance into a different availability zone.
So I'm going to choose my VPC and I'm going to put this one it's a public to be and again I need my
I am role paste in the instance metadata user data excuse me.
And then we move on and choose web access security great.
And just launch and now I'm going to create a life balancer so we're just going to create a simple application
load balancer.
Can I just call it my Alby.
It's going to listen on port 80.
I need to put it in the BBC here.
So I've chosen my VPC and I'm going to put it in the public to a and public to be
and we just choose web access and then that's for the target group.
It's just TFG one we're going to leave all the defaults sir except we're going to change the healthy
threshold too.
And then we can go in and register our targets and we've got those two instances
so that's it.
Create that load balancer and now I'm going to change regions.
So what I want to do is change over to
U.S. East North Virginia 1st.
And here we're just going to create an instance and we're going to put it into a public subnet.
So let's just go through the wizard a little bit slower for me now.
And we only have one BPC here and it's gonna go into another availability zone with also assigned public
IP sets a yes.
So that's great.
I can see my I am role of course because I am is a global service.
And I'll also be able to put my user data into the user data section.
So let's go forwards now we won't have a security group here so I'm just going to create a new one.
And I just like to use my default web access as the name.
And we need port 80.
So just find hasty T.P.
from any source and launch
and if you haven't got to keep em.
Just try to keep her there.
So I'm back in the Sydney region now looking at my low balances.
Now I actually had some problems launching instances in Europe for some reason.
So what I ended up having to do was launch my third instance into Singapore.
So this is what I've actually got now I've got an instance in Singapore which is A.P. se one and this
is it's public IP address and then I've got one in north Virginia and record its address and then for
the instances behind a low balance.
So we have our DNS name.
So just to show you what this looks like now is the user data that we put in just returns the you know
this simple text and this simple screen but it just tells us which availability zone this instance is
in.
So this one's in AP SD to be.
Now these are behind a load balancer.
So if I refresh I now get AP SD to a.
So that shows that the low balance was working and we've got our instances and two different availability
zones.
So that's it for this.
Now just make sure you record your addresses somewhere so it's easy to just access those when you need
them.
And in the next few labs we're going to start going over some of the routing policies.